resumable: clarify greater offset (#3317)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-resumable-upload.md

If the client wants to resume the upload after an interruption, it has to know the amount of representation data received by the upload resource so far. It can fetch the offset by sending a `HEAD` request to the upload resource. Upon a successful response, the client can continue the upload by appending representation data ({{upload-appending}}) starting at the offset indicated by the `Upload-Offset` response header field.

> The offset can be less than or equal to the total length of the representation data. If the offset is valid and greater than the number of bytes the client has already sent during this upload, which can indicate that other upload sessions have successfully appended to the resource, the client MUST seek to the provided offset of the representation data before continuing the upload. The client is expected to handle backtracking of a reasonable length. If the offset is invalid for this upload, or if the client cannot reproduce the representation data at the received offset, the upload MUST be considered a failure. The client then MUST NOT continue the upload and SHOULD cancel the upload ({{upload-cancellation}}).

Reviewer: I think we can lose a few more words from this paragraph now that clients can't make any assumption about the relation between the offset and the bytes sent. This should also help with not being too restrictive. 

```suggestion
The offset can be less than or equal to the number of bytes of representation data that the client has already sent. The client is expected to handle backtracking of a reasonable length. On the other hand, the offset can be greater than the amount of sent representation data if the upload resource obtained additional representation data on behalf of the client. If the client is not able to provide the representation data at the given offset, the upload MUST be considered a failure. The client then MUST NOT continue the upload and SHOULD cancel the upload ({{upload-cancellation}}).
```

What do you think, @guoye-zhang?
